Now we have seen about importing and exporting, but with a named syntax in this section we are discussing
about default exports and imports.
When I say default export, it means there will be one module per file.
Generally, you see this approach in frameworks where one function or a class is exported.
In other words, you export one container, which has many things inside it, and you import that one
module only while exporting one module.
That means you are also dividing the functionality into various modules.
It's also a good practice in a longer run that you divide your modules into logical pieces.
For example, the code which we have has some and.
Q There are two different functions which we are exporting from Kalsi Dodgers.
The Kalsi Dodgers does the export, but with the named syntax that means we are exporting the function
with some name and the Q name.
So naturally we have to import with the same name.
Now, if I have to convert the very same thing with the default import and export approach, then it
has to be something like this where let's say I have this cube dodgers file, I'll create a separate
file, in fact, but I already have created.
So this cube function I should put inside this cube dodgers and then I'll just say export default function.
Q That's it.
At the same time this Chelsea function we have this some function assumed that we keep this name Kelsey
only or we can rename this let's rename this with some dodgers I would say some dodgers.
And inside this I'm going to say export default function some.
So this is the default export.
It means that we have only one export per file.
Naturally, this is going to increase number of files, but that is a newer approach anyway where you
have more files, which is actually the separation of gold.
Now, as long as importing these modules are concerned, you do not need to use the column bracket.
So now let's say I want to import some from the file card, some dodgers, and I want to import Q from
the file called Cube dot g's here.
You must observe that.
Now, I'm not using the curly brackets.
You use the curly brackets when you have named export, but when you have default export, you do not
write those curly brackets.
It means you write import and then the name.
Now this name is also open for you.
You decide what name you want to give.
At the moment we keep some and cube, let's just run this to see whether the default, export and import
is working fine or not.
I'll go to the browser, refresh the page, and now here we have the output working.
Absolutely fine.
But the difference here is now we are not using the named export and import.
Instead we are using the default one.
So ideally we put various modules in different files.
So one file, one module, that's what we do with default, export and import.
Another thing I would like to mention here is that in case, let's say instead of some I give total
and here also I'm going to say total.
Let's try this.
Still it is working absolutely fine.
Now, the export default basically says that you export with any name that doesn't matter.
Name does not have to be the same with the default syntax.
This also means I may remove this some.
This is also absolutely okay.
Generally we see that if we have, let's say, a class to export, we write like this, we say export
default.
Then we have the class name, whatever name you want to give you can all you just avoid name and it
is absolutely value syntax.
So let's try this now.
We do not have any name for this sum and here we give total or let's say some.
Doesn't matter, but I keep some.
Let's save this and refresh the beach.
And you see that still the output is without any added.
That is also one more syntax where you can export the function.
Let's say you have this function which you are writing just like this.
So you have the sum function.
Now you want to export at a later stage at the end of the file.
That is so you can write export default and some.
So you are exporting the module at the end.
This is also a valid syntax.
Let's again go to the output to check.
Everything is working fine.
Another syntax you have to export is you can use export in the bracket.
You can see some as default.
This is also a valid syntax.
Let's just refresh the page.
And you see that output is same.
So as long as exporting default is concerned, you have a keyword called default, which exports the
default module which you can later on import with whichever name you want to.
And you generally export one module per file when you are implementing the default exports.
So this means that named exports are explicit, whereas with default exports you decide the name.
So now let's discuss about relative questions.
The first question is what is a default, export and import and what's the difference between named
and default?
Export and import.
These are the differences, the syntax.
First of all, this is how we deal with name, export and import.
Whereas here we do not use curly brackets and we have export with a default keyword.
So this is the major change in terms of syntax.
As long as conceptual difference is concerned, there can be many modules per file when you say a named
export and import, whereas with default you generally have one export for each file.
Explain various ways of implementing default, export and import.
So these are the different ways we have where we can use the default, export and import.